What is Gitflow (Methodology)?
    Gitflow is the branching model for git.  Not sure how much more there is to say about this...

VOLATILE KEYWORD
    This keyword indicates that the variable can be modified by multiple threads.  It means that the variable gets stored in Main Memory,
    rather than cached memory from individual threads. This gaurantees that two threads accessing the same variable will access the same data.

SYNCHRONIZED KEYWORD
    Methods and variables declared Synchronized cannot be accessed at the same time by multiple threads. Rather, one thread accesses a synchronized
    method, any others trying to access it are put in a "suspended" state.  This pauses the thread and waits for the thread currently working
    on the synchronized code to finished.

TRANSIENT KEYWORD
    Transient variables are marked transient to keep them from being serialized into a serialized byte array.  A serializable object that contains
    multiple variables will automatically serialize and store the values into the byte array unless they are marked transient.

MAPS
    Non-serialized data structure that stores key, value pairs.  Keys and values can be of any type (although all keys have to share the same type
    with each other and vice-versa), but there cannot be duplicate keys.

LIST
    A serialized data set that stores a finite amount of data all of the same type. Indeces start at 0 and iterate up from there. 

SET
    A non-serialized data set that stores multiple values of the same type, but contains no duplicates.  I believe can be iterated through 

MAPS VS LIST VS SET
    All used in different scenarios.
    Maps are used when you want a collection of indexed values, but they don't necessarily need to be in a specific order.
    Lists are used when you want a collection of values to be in a certain order.
    Sets are used when you don't care what order the objects are in and don't need to access said object via a specific key.

ARRAYLIST VS LINKEDLIST
    Data structures that behave similarly (serialized, store items of the same type).  However, linked list is implemented as a double linked list.
    This allows Linked Lists to be more efficient when adding and removing values.

CONCURRENT PACKAGE (CONCURRENT HASHMAP, ATOMIC VARIABLES)
    Concurrency is the ability for two threads to be able to access a value at the same time.  So a concurrent HashMap is a hashmap that is reachable
    by more than one thread at once.

Make an app.
MainActivity (Create a new contact)
edtitext - firstName, lastName
button - photo -> starts camera to take pic -> save pic internally (create file)
button - save -> save contact to SQLite (SQLiteOpenHelper)
button - list -> start new ListActivity

ListActivity
one textview that appends every contact in the database
vutton to go back to main

push to github